Add instructions for running the website inside a container (#331)
strimzi/strimzi.github.io: README.md

    bundle install
    bundle exec jekyll serve

> Once running the website is accessibly at `localhost:4000`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running, the website is accessible at `localhost:4000`.
```

Author: Applied

## Build using a container

> To avoid needing to install Ruby you can build and run the web site locally inside a container, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid needing to install Ruby, you can build and run the web site locally inside a container.
Run the following command:
```

Author: Applied

    docker run --rm -v ${PWD}:/srv/jekyll -p 4000:4000 -it jekyll/jekyll jekyll serve

> It can take several minutes to complete, look for the message "Server running...".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The build can take several minutes to complete.
When it's done, you'll see the message "Server running...".
```

Author: Applied

> **Note:** If you see the error `require': cannot load such file -- webrick (LoadError)` add the following to the `Gemfile`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** If you see the error `require': cannot load such file -- webrick (LoadError)`. add the following to the `Gemfile`:
```

Author: I assumed this suggestion should be a comma not a period so have added that
